add pyclass `eq` option (#4210)
PyO3/pyo3: guide/src/migration.md

Related to this, we also added a `pyo3_disable_reference_pool` conditional compilation flag which removes the infrastructure necessary to apply delayed reference count decrements implied by `impl<T> Drop for Py<T>`. They do not appear to be a soundness hazard as they should lead to memory leaks in the worst case. However, the global synchronization adds significant overhead to cross the Python-Rust boundary. Enabling this feature will remove these costs and make the `Drop` implementation abort the process if called without the GIL being held instead.
</details>

> ### Deprecation of implicit integer comparison for simple enums
> <details open>
> <summary><small>Click to expand</small></summary>
> 
> With `pyo3` 0.22 the implicit implementation of integer comparison for simple enums using their discriminants is deprecated. To migrate, place a `#[pyo3(eq_int)]` attribute on affected classes. In addition the `#[pyo3(eq)]` option can be used to implement comparison based on the `PartialEq` implementation. If both options are specified, comparing by `PartialEq` and on failure the integer comparision is used as a fallback.

Reviewer: It might be nice to phrase this in a way which makes it clear that we're not intending to remove the functionality, just make it explicit. Maybe something like the below?

```suggestion
### Require explicit opt-in for comparison for simple enums
<details open>
<summary><small>Click to expand</small></summary>

With `pyo3` 0.22 the new `#[pyo3(eq)]` options allows automatic implementation of Python equality using Rust `PartialEq`. Previously simple enums automatically implemented equality in terms of their discriminants. To make PyO3 more consistent this automatic equality implementation is deprecated in favour of having opt-ins for all `#[pyclass]` types. Similarly, simple enums supported comparison with integers, which is not covered by Rust's `PartialEq` derive so has been split out into an `eq_int` attribute.

To migrate, place a `#[pyo3(eq, eq_int)]` attribute on simple enum classes.
```

Author: Sounds good to me

Before:

```rust
# #![allow(deprecated, dead_code)]
# use pyo3::prelude::*;
#[pyclass]
enum SimpleEnum {
    VariantA,
    VariantB = 42,
}
```

After:

```rust
# #![allow(dead_code)]
# use pyo3::prelude::*;

> #[pyclass(eq_int)]

Reviewer: I guess they _probably_ want to have normal equality (as this was previously implicit too), so maybe this is closer:

```suggestion
#[pyclass(eq, eq_int)]
#[derive(PartialEq)]
```

Author: Yeah, i probably makes sense to recommend that. I'll also update that in the deprecation warning.
